=============================================================================
GetFiler - Save Filer window positions from the Desktop          Version 1.01

(C) Stephen Fryatt, 2002                                     8 September 2002
=============================================================================


License
-------

GetFiler is FREEWARE.  Copyright is held by the author, Stephen Fryatt,
2001.

GetFiler may be copied freely, so long as it remains unaltered with all
its files and documentation intact.  All copies should have their Choices
file (if present) deleted from within the application to ensure that new
users receive GetFiler in its default state.

If you wish to distribute GetFiler, please contact me to get my
permission. This is so that I can ensure that you have the latest version
available. GetFiler may not be sold, although Public Domain libraries may
charge for the cost of discs.

No guarantee is made as to the suitability or stability of GetFiler for
any particular purpose.  No liability can be accepted by the author for
any problems or damage caused by the use of GetFiler.



Introduction and using GetFiler
-------------------------------

Since the demise of the 'Save Desktop' option in the Task Manager menu
under Select, it is no longer possible to get a list of the Filer window
positions.  Even under earlier versions of RISC OS, saving this file just
for the *Filer_OpenDir commands was a contrived thing to do.  GetFiler is
s solution.

Copy GetFiler out of the archive and run it in the usual way by
double-clicking on the !GetFiler icon; GetFiler loads on to the icon bar
in the normal way.  Clicking Select on its icon opens a save window
allowing an Obey file containing Filer_OpenDir commands for all of the
open directory viewers to be saved.



Vesrion History
---------------

1.00 (7 September 2002)

  * Initial release version

1.01 (8 September 2002)

  * Fixed 'HTMLCheck bug'.



Updates and Contacting Me
-------------------------

If you have any comments about GetFiler, or would like to report any bugs
that you find, you can email me at the address below.

Updates to GetFiler and more programs for RISC OS computers can be found
on my website at http://www.stevefryatt.org.uk/software/

Stephen Fryatt
email: steve@stevefryatt.org.uk